Deduplicate path separator duplicates (#10646)
haskell/cabal: changelog.d/pr-10646.md

C:\Users\<username>\AppData\Local\Temp\cabal-testsuite-8376
cabal.test.hs:
C:\Users\<username>\AppData\Local\Temp\cabal-testsuite-8376\errors.expect.txt: removePathForcibly:DeleteFile
"\\\\?\\C:\\Users\\<username>\\AppData\\Local\\Temp\\cabal-testsuite-8376\\errors.expect.txt":
permission denied (The process cannot access the file because it is being used by another process.)
```

The other process accessing the file is `C:\WINDOWS\System32\svchost.exe`
running a `QueryDirectory` event and this problem only occurs when the test
fails.

### Hidden Actual Value Modification

The `assertOutputContains` function was modifying the actual value (the test
output) with `concatOutput` before checking if it contained the expected value.
This function, now renamed as `lineBreaksToSpaces`, would remove CR values and
convert LF values to spaces.

```haskell
-- | Replace line breaks with spaces, correctly handling @"\\r\\n"@.
--
-- >>> lineBreaksToSpaces "foo\nbar\r\nbaz"
-- "foo bar baz"
--
-- >>> lineBreaksToSpaces "foo\nbar\r\nbaz\n"
-- "foo bar baz"
--
-- >>> lineBreaksToSpaces "\nfoo\nbar\r\nbaz\n"
-- " foo bar baz"
lineBreaksToSpaces :: String -> String
```

> With this set up, false positives were possible. An expected value using string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this setup, false positives were possible. An expected value using string
```
